Hey, we got a package
from my dad.
-No air holes in the box.
That’s a good sign.
-Lily loved having that chicken.
Yeah, one more time
than she realized.
I just got an e-mail
from our wedding singer.
He has a small request.
Another one?
Since when does a wedding singer
send us requests?
No, he just wants to change
a few songs in your medley...
to avoid overlap with the stuff
that he’s performing.
- Well, I hope it’s none
of my showstoppers.
- Oh, they’re all showstoppers.
Oh, you’re too kind.
Oh, my gosh.
It’s us.
For our wedding cake.
Couldn’t you just die?
I really think I could.
My dad made this.
He’s a world-class soap carver.
You know, once,
when I was a kid,
I cussed,
and my mom washed my mouth out
with the Leaning Tower of Pisa.
She still blames herself
to this day.
Oh, I would have nixed
that wedding topper immediately.
But Cam and I
have an agreement.
We each got three vetoes
of each other’s wedding ideas,
no questions asked.
And it-it worked
for... a while.
I think you’re gonna love
my wedding board.
I’m pretty excited too.
Veto.
I’m sorry I’m so emotional.
It’s just
the nicest thing ever.
You don’t think
that I look
just a little bit–
I mean, my dad carved
through his arthritis.
Maybe it’s the kicky leg.
I mean, the hours
his ruined hands put into this.
He found us in soap.
Today, Mitchell, I know love.
I no love either.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
So take your time
looking around.
Thanks.
[ Phil ]
I’m helping Gloria sell
the old apartment...
that she and Manny lived in
before she met Jay.
It’s in an up-and-coming
neighborhood...
with a distinct
multicultural bent...
that’s undergoing
an exciting urban renewal.
That’s a fancy way of saying
the gays found it.
I can’t believe that I lived
here for five years.
Even turning the lights on
was a pain.
Look at this.
[ Laughs ]
[ Woman ]
Keep it down,
you bitch!
Ay, Mrs. Rivera’s still alive.
I am really digging this place.
[ Phil ]
Right?
The gas stove, the moldings–
They don’t make ’em
like this anymore.
I’ll probably gut it.
Rip it out.
That’s what I’d do.
I want my contractor
to swing by,
but I really like it.
Great. All right.
Thanks.
Bye, bye.
Talk to you soon.
So nice to meet you.
I’m not selling to him.
What? Really?
He’s a quality buyer.
You’re tired of finding renters.
This is a family building.
Generations have lived there,
and usually at the same time.
He just wants to flip it.
Okay. I got a backup
I can probably get here
in an hour.
You wanna wait in there?
You walk in that door,
you never come out.
No, no, not the bar.
The coffee shop.
Yeah, that’s what
I’m talking about.
Oh.
But we can wait
next door.
That’s my old hair salon
where I used to work.
You can get drinks
there too.
Oh.
[ Woman ]
Gloria!
[ Phil ] Hello.
[ All Speaking Spanish ]
¡Ay, no, no, no!
Esta no, Jay.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
[ Laughing ]
What’s so funny?
She thinks you’re my lover.
[ Laughs ]
That is funny.
I don’t know
with-a-room-full-of-women-
laughing funny, but–
Ay, Rita, no.
Phil is a friend of mine,
and we’re just killing time
before an appointment.
I hate to ask, Gloria,
but my new girl hasn’t shown up.
Any chance you could help?
¡Ay! Of course!
It will be so much fun.
[ Laughs ]
Oh, I don’t want
to ruin my nails.
Phil, would you do
my shampooing?
Well, I guess so.
We’ve got the time.
Just a warning: I haven’t
shampooed professionally
since college,
and that was only part-time
to pay for my cheer gear.
Wow. That was super braggy.
What do we got, double sinks?
What’s the nozzle sitch?
Not to sound too braggy,
but your mom was kind of
a badass at work this week.
It was hard enough
with Grandpa being sick
and me suddenly in charge,
but it was just one crisis
after another.
Luke, honey, we’re going!
Fire in the warehouse.
Surprise inspection from OSHA.
Our biggest buyer tried to
pull out of a deal, and I have
to talk him off a ledge.
Whatever. It’s over now.
I don’t wanna bore you guys
with this stuff.
So when I get to work
on Wednesday,
Margaret is already in tears,
and there are two cops
in the waiting room.
And I say to them,
"One of you had better be able
to drive an 18-wheeler...
because I’ve got
a hundred rosewood panels
to get to Victorville...
or it’s coming
out of my paycheck."
I told you guys
about the drivers
and the bad tuna–
Bad tuna, yeah.
Yes, I did.
Whew!
Hey, Mom, I forgot
how fun this car was.
Automatic doors,
and that TV in the back?
You know what else
was fun?
The party they threw for me
at work on Friday.
I mean, it was
a little bit embarrassing.
I didn’t even know
"shero" was a word,
and there it was in icing.
[ Laughs ]
Hello, hello!
Welcome to Jay’s night.
Names, please.
Wanna make sure
you’re on the list.
Kidding. Just excited.
Appetizers on the bar,
Scrabble on the coffee table...
and our feature presentation,
The Great Escape.
- Speaking of which, Haley–
- Don’t worry, Grandpa,
I’m not leaving.
I have no plans
for the night.
Me either.
But when I say it,
it’s news.
When you say
any complete sentence,
it’s news.
Okay, girls.
Dad, you feeling better?
You had a rough week, huh?
Nah, I’m fine.
Looks like you had a big week.
You heard about that?
Yeah, I got the blow-by-blow
on all the office drama.
By the way, sincerely–
Yeah?
Great.
Great guacamole
on the bar there.
Wow. That’s it?
Everything you did for him,
and he doesn’t even say
thank you?
I get it.
It’s "hero" with a "she."
Oh!
Okay. I’m up to speed.
Yeah, that was cold.
That’s just his way.
After years of disappointment,
I have learned not to expect
a pat on the head from my dad.
He’s not capable of it.
But it has taught me
a very important lesson
that you girls should learn too.
- Approval comes from within.
- I knew that, Mom.
[ Voice Breaking ]
Course you did,
’cause you’re smart.
Hey, is Lily out of the tub?
We gotta be at my dad’s soon.
[ Cameron ] Oh, no!
It’s not that big of a deal.
We could be a little late.
No! Lily had the cake topper
in the tub with her! Oh.
Oh, no.
How could such a terrible
mistake have occurred?
I think she must have
just thought it was
a toy or something.
Well, I hope it’s not
completely ruined forever.
Oh, no. Are you kidding me?
My daddy uses
a special shellac on this thing.
This is water resistant,
heat resistant–
You name it.
Good to know.
But put it
someplace safe.
It could still be slippery,
so be careful.
Is it?
Oh, yeah, it is!
It’s slippery!
Is it okay?
Ah.
- Not a scratch.
- Whew.
Apparently, I’m tougher
than I look.
Hey, boys, having fun?
You know it.
Love us some Jay’s night.
[ Chuckles ]
Okay, we’re out of here.
Kristy Hughes,
a.k.a. Kristy Huge Ones,
is having a pool party
two blocks away.
What about Jay?
He thinks we’re at a party.
He’ll never know.
We sneak out,
work the room,
cannonball, cannonball,
and we’re back
in time for dinner.
Were you even invited?
No.
But that’s only because
I don’t know her
or any of her friends.
We’re not invading
her house.
And besides,
this hair at a pool party?
One dunk and it goes off
like an air bag. Poof!
What’s this?
You made sauce?
Well, you were sick.
I didn’t know
if you could handle it.
Back in Vietnam,
I had hepatitis.
Still managed to cook
Thanksgiving dinner
for 300 soldiers.
I think I can handle sauce.
Well, I saved you
the trouble.
So Margaret tells me I’m using
some new delivery trucks now.
Yeah.
They’re hybrid.
Now, they cost
a little more,
but when I factored in
the tax rebates you get
for going green,
we come out ahead.
Speaking of green,
you went a little heavy
on the vegetables, huh?
I’m not sure I can stomach
anything that’s healthy.
Gosh, Mom, that truck thing
sounds so amazing.
Yeah.
Uh, uh, uh–
It’s fine, Dad.
Only do what we’re
capable of, right?
Oh– No, Stella, stay.
No.
Good girl.
Thank you, Stella.
Thank you for listening.
Oh, I’m so proud of you.
Who’s my best girl?
Don’t.
Okay, girls,
we are ready for Scrabble.
- I’ll grab some snacks.
- Oh, potato chips, please.
Oh, so I can hear
about how much
you hate yourself all night?
Hello, Luke.
Oh, come on.
We’ve gotta go.
That party’s full
of sophomores.
Those women have lived.
No.
We’re going back inside,
we’re eating Jay’s food
and playing his board games.
More like boring games.
They’re already
called "board."
You don’t make it
more clever by–
Never mind.
Okay, thanks.
Did you work everything out
with the wedding singer?
Oh, yeah. I’m just dropping
my big finale because
he’s doing the same song.
"My Way"?
His way.
Hey, guys.
Sorry we’re late,
but we come with wine.
And whittlin’.
Oh!
Check it out.
This is a beautiful gift
my father made...
for the top
of our wedding cake.
I guess he ran out of soap
before he got to me.
Darn.
For you.
Ladies, check out
your Uncle Mitch
and Cam in soap.
[ Haley ]
Oh, wow! That’s soap?
[ Cameron ] Mm-hmm.
[ Alex ]
It’s beautiful.
This is my worst nightmare.
Well, you shouldn’t
have blown through
those vetoes.
This is how Cam’s dad sees me,
like some fawning damsel.
If anything,
Cam’s the damsel.
Dad!
Thank you.
A lot can happen
before the big day.
Believe me,
I’ve already tried.
That thing is indestructible.
Hmm. What if
it went missing?
Things disappear
around here
all the time.
Do they?
Hi.
Hey.
All the time.
Let’s just say
I have a friend who helps me
in these kinds of situations.
I’m listening.
The less you know,
the better.
I’m not listening.
We never had
this conversation.
This is a nonversation.
Right.
I am giving you the...
no-ahead.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
[ All Laughing ]
Ay, I miss you girls.
Nobody in my white family
think that I am funny.
[ All Laughing ]
Honey, Hector had a life
before he met you.
So I have to eat dinner
with his ex?
Well, you certainly
don’t want him going alone.
Not with his history.
Hey, who are you
really mad at?
Oh, I-I don’t know.
Come on, Luisa.
¡Ay, Raul!
Hector’s going to hurt me
just like Raul did.
There it is.
But Hector
isn’t Raul, okay?
They’re
just cousins.
Oh.
We need to get a move on.
The client’s gonna come over
to the apartment at 4:00.
I am swamped.
I can’t just leave.
Gloria, we’re here
to sell your apartment.
We don’t work at the salon.
Muchisimas gracias, Bianca.
No más texting ese hombre.
It’s for a young couple
with a baby on the way.
They’re not flippers.
They’re looking for a place to
settle down and make a home.
Okay, just move them.
If they really want it,
they’ll come back.
But, Gloria–
Ay, please, just help me
with Anna’s foils.
I have a weave emergency.
Something’s not right.
¿Qué?
¿Qué pasó?
No, not with you.
You look great.
You know who’s gonna hate this
is a certain jealous sister.
Cinco de my, oh, my.
How am I supposed to do this
with so many I’s on my rack?
Oh, sorry.
Where’s Luke?
How long does it take him
to get the dictionary?
We described it
for him perfectly.
Wait a minute.
He’s not coming back.
Ugh. Move your "S."
- I’m going as fast as I can.
- [ Door Opens, Closes ]
Mitchell, it’s gone.
- What is?
- The cake topper.
Lily, have you seen
the little daddies you were
bathing with earlier?
- Ooh, don’t say that.
- I saw Stella playing
with it.
What?
[ Door Opens ]
[ Jay ]
Oh, look at her.
She’s all muddy.
She must have
brought it outside
and buried it.
She does it all the time.
Oh, no.
We have to go find it!
Good luck.
That thing’s
as good as gone.
Dang it!
Oh, and the worst part is...
we don’t even have
a picture of it.
Do we?
We can’t give up.
Let’s go out into the yard
and look for it.
Careful.
I wouldn’t come between Stella
and anything she’s buried.
She’s a wild animal.
No telling what she’ll do.
That’s a very aggressive stance.
[ Jay Chuckles ]
Luke, wait!
Oh, look at that.
You left your yard,
and your little shock collar
didn’t go off.
Luke–
Okay, so here’s
the new plan.
You hang back while I
break the ice, and then
when the time is right–
- Manny, you made it.
- ♪♪ [ Speakers: Dance ]
Who’s this?
"Who’s this?"
Excuse me, Kristy Huge Ones.
I have a name.
Okay. Come on, stop.
I’m tired of chasing you
all day.
Then don’t.
Stay as long as you want
at that lame party.
You wanna talk?
You’re the dorky sidekick,
not me.
You wanna talk nicer?
How could you be invited,
and I wasn’t?
I don’t know.
It’s like the stuff that
used to make me kinda weird,
people are starting to like.
So? I’m the same
as I always was.
Well, maybe you could
upgrade a little.
Retire the Yoda voice,
and if a girl tells you
she went to London,
maybe don’t ask
if she also saw France.
[ Sighs ]
I liked things better
when you were the one
who was ostrich-sized.
What?
You know,
like a freaky outsider.
The way an ostrich feels
around regular birds.
You know what else girls like?
The mysterious silent type.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What are you doing
with my sauce there, cookie?
That’s yours. This is mine.
I prepped it this morning.
I figured why not make it?
Um, maybe because
I already made sauce?
Can’t have too much.
Can’t ya?
Hand me that ladle, huh?
What are you doing?
I got it.
What do you say?
What?
What do you say when somebody
does something for you?
What do you say?
You want me to thank you
for handing me the ladle.
You thanked the dog
for staying,
which is basically
doing nothing,
so I know you know the words.
Fine. Thank you
for handing me the ladle.
You sure those are ready?
You didn’t throw one
against the wall.
Dad, nobody does that anymore.
Oh, I guess we have new ways
for doing everything now, huh?
No. I didn’t say that.
I’m just saying
that you can taste your food...
instead of flinging it
at the wall like a chimp.
Okay.
How’s it taste?
Huh. Uh–
Actually– Mmm.
It’s pretty good.
But it could use
a little, um, sauce.
Which is, ooh, hot.
[ Blows ]
Try a little Parmesan
with that?
Mmm.
I should probably get
that bread in the oven.
Just–
Okay, hey!
Hey!
How about we
take over here while you two
get cleaned up for dinner?
Yes. Good idea.
[ Claire ]
Uh-huh.
Yeah, okay.
Approval comes from within.
Thank you.
Your sauce
needs garlic.
Okay!
And that’s a clock.
Okay, well, do another one.
I’ve done, like, four.
This dog is a worse hoarder
than your Uncle Clayton.
He’s a collector.
Of expired yogurt?
[ Sighs ]
Oh, I’m getting tired.
Cam, can we just stop,
please?
I feel like we’ve done our best,
but we’re just not gonna–
Found it! Oh!
Yay. Oh, good!
Thank God.
I hadn’t even told you
my biggest plan for this yet.
Bigger than the top
of our wedding cake?
I’m gonna have a mold made of it
and give a reproduction...
to everyone who comes
to the wedding and everyone
who can’t come to the wedding.
Imagine hundreds of these
across the country.
No! No!
No. Absolutely not.
I hate it.
It’s awful!
I knew it!
It just shows up
in Lily’s bath.
And then all of a sudden
the dog has it?
You have it in
for this beautiful topper.
Look at this.
Look at it.
Look at it!
You’re all heroic
and Paul Bunyany,
and I’m like some sissy man
with pinkish cheeks
and a turned-out heel.
It’s a caricature.
What matters
is what it represents.
My daddy making this for us
means he’s accepted us
for who we are.
Don’t you get that?
I never really thought
about it that way.
No. You hadn’t.
I’m just being sensitive.
I need to have a thicker skin.
I’m really, really sorry.
No, don’t– Don’t–
Don’t be sorry. No.
And I don’t want something
at the wedding
that makes you uncomfortable.
No, that doesn’t seem fair.
I’ve used up all my vetoes.
Well, if it–
I guess if it makes
you feel better,
I could give you one more veto
if you give me one more too.
Okay, sure.
And in the future,
if there’s anything–
The wedding singer.
Okay. Thanks, Daddy.
I’ll send you the perfect
picture to model it on.
[ Phone Beeps ]
[ Chuckling ]
After today,
I’m convinced our landfills
are 10% hair.
Ay, yes.
I forgot how exhausting this is.
Well, all we have to do
is meet the clients
back at the apartment.
- Then we can head home.
- Ay, no. I’m too tired now.
Let’s reschedule.
- Really? Again?
- Yes. Let’s meet them
next week.
And besides,
we’re late for Jay’s party.
Well, I’m not letting you
go home looking like this.
You’re a little ratty
back here.
[ Gasps ]
Ay, no.
No, no, no.
I got it.
Yep. You just relax.
Oh, what a day, huh?
Being back here must bring up
a lot of memories.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe even
some emotions.
Yeah. It feels weird.
"Weird" is an adjective,
not an emotion, but go on.
Oh, it’s just that my life now
is so different than before.
So much easier.
And that
makes you feel–
Good.
And also–
And bad.
Why?
I don’t know.
Come on now, Gloria.
I guess it just makes me feel
a little ashamed.
Now what in the world
do you have to be ashamed of?
It’s just that, you know,
before when I used to live here,
I used to work for every penny.
I would stand
on my own two feet.
Now I just stand
on expensive shoes...
that Jay buys for me.
Is that why it’s so hard
to let go of the apartment?
No, Phil,
it’s not that–
Gloria.
Maybe.
Yes. It’s the last piece
of the old me.
Mmm.
¡Ay, no! Enough!
You’re going too deep.
I’m sorry. I’m sorry.
But I think you’re
looking at this all wrong.
The old you
hasn’t gone anywhere.
I see it in the way
you’re raising Manny and Joe.
The way you care for Jay.
You never take anyone
or anything for granted.
You worked hard for years
without knowing that things
were gonna get better.
And then the universe
rewarded you.
There’s nothing
to be ashamed of.
So you’re not mad at me
because I don’t want to
sell the apartment?
No. You’ll know
when you’re ready,
and I’ll be here.
Ay, Phil.
You’re the best.
Oh.
[ Laughs ]
There’s no one like you.
[ Sniffs ]
Mmm!
Mm-mmm.
Yuck!
Claire, that looks so good.
I can’t wait to try it.
Thank you.
Oh.
Something
has happened here.
Well, you’ll all be happy
to know that our search
for the cake topper...
unearthed a number
of family treasures.
Come on, Cam.
We’re eating over here.
Wait. Didn’t I give you this
for Father’s Day?
- And that?
- You see how this dog is.
[ Gasps ]
My karaoke microphone.
Jay, check it out.
The other walkie-talkie!
Shame on you, Jay Pritchett.
You have used this dog to bury
the things that you hate.
- [ Alex ] Yeah.
- Since when do you need help
burying things?
Calm down. She buries
stuff of mine too. Look.
Everybody at the office
bought me this clock last month.
Honey, what’s the matter
with you?
That’s a question
that maybe you should answer.
Oh, my gosh–
[ All Talking At Once ]
[ Claire ]
"Here’s to 40 years
in the business.
Enjoy your new timer,
old-timer."
Suddenly, it made sense.
In my dad’s mind,
I was reaching for a torch
he wasn’t ready to pass.
Sure. Someday I’m gonna
take over his business,
but not tonight.
Tonight is still Jay’s night.
[ Pot Clatters ]
So, Dad–
Turns out I did have
a bunch of questions
for you last week,
but I didn’t want
to bother you with them.
I didn’t want you to think
I couldn’t handle it.
There’s no shame
in asking for help.
You can always call.
Well, I won’t need to.
You’ll be in the office
down the hall, right?
Right.
[ Phil On Walkie-talkie ]
Goldilocks to Papa Bear.
Come in, Papa Bear.
This is Papa Bear.
On location
in the garage, Papa Bear.
Got some cocoa
with your name on it.
What’s your 20?
Oh, what the hell?
- What’s going on?
- The kids unfriended me again.
How am I supposed to know
what’s going on in their lives
if they never talk to me?
Honey, I got this.
Yeah, it’s been kind of
a rough year.
Mm-hmm.
New school,
new kids,
and I’m taking advice
about girls...
from a kid who has
his own shoe buffer.
What?
I tried beer.
Oh.
Wow, Dad, this feels great.
Good. Good.
Y-You’re sure there’s–
there’s nothing on your mind?
[ Sighs ]
No. Why do you ask, Dad?
You seem upset about something.
It’s just you reach
a certain age,
and you start to wonder,
"Am I everything
I wanted to be?"
I mean, am I selling houses,
or am I just selling out?
Anything else?
Alex tried beer.
Yeah.